All right, so now that we've had
some time to think about this,
let's look at how it would work.
So here we have a fixed color.
Its hue is fixed at zero, which means red.
And what we actually want is for
the hue to be 50,
which is a warm yellow
when the intensity is one.
And we want it to be zero,
which is pure red,
when the intensity is five to communicate
that this was a stronger migraine.
And let's not worry for
now about the migraines that
don't have an intensity at all.
So we would need to use a calculation
here with our intensity.
And let's think about this for a second.
So if we want 50 when
the intensity is one,
then we would need to multiply it
with something and subtract it from
something else cuz we wanted to
decrease as the intensity grows bigger.
So let's start with 60.
Let's multiply the intensity by 10.
And that actually works pretty much.
So when the intensity is five,
we get 60 minus 50, which gives us 10.
Let's make this 50.
Then when the intensity is five,
we get zero.
And when the intensity is one, we get 40.
So I think that's actually okay.
We could change the numbers a little
bit to get a range of 0 to 50, but
it's not gonna look as nice,
so let's go with that.
Now how do we go with
a completely different hue for
migraines that don't
have an intensity at all?
We can provide a fallback for
the intensity, but it's actually some
intensive math to figure out how to get,
for example, 200, which is blue.
Well, it's actually turquoise, but
we would need to figure out what to add.
And then we would divide and
that sort of thing.
Wouldn't it be nice if we were
able to provide the fallback for
the entire calculation instead of
just the fallback for intensity?
We can actually do that.
We can use a separate variable for
the hue,
which would also make it easier to read.
And then we move the calculation here,
and we call hue here.
And then we just say
whatever hue we want for
migraines that don't
have an intensity at all.
And if we want a different saturation and
lightness as well, we could do that, too.
We would just use a variable for
the entire color.
And then we would provide
a fallback color.
So what are main takeaways from this?
We can use variables to set color
components to create dynamic palettes.
And we can provide a fallback for
an entire calculation through
an intermediate variable.
This is not just useful for colors,
it's useful more generally.
Anytime we want to provide a fallback for
an entire calculation,
we could either try to solve for
x essentially and
figure out what value we need to
provide as a fallback for our variable.
Or we can just use
an intermediate variable and
provide the fallback right there,
which is more readable as well.